we got the new Corsair 1 i500 and it's
so expensive that it showed up in a
Pelican case I I don't know what to say
this thing
is it's got a lot of expensive
components don't want to break it or
drop it oh my
God as you can see they have made it
larger than the past I kind of wish we
had the old one here for an example but
it used to be more like this a lot more
Square uh they've extended it out the
back I don't know if that's just to fit
the 4090 that's inside this thing or if
it's to fit their 240 mm uh AO that's
attached to the 4090 on top of the 120
mil AIO that's attached to the 14900 K
because yeah this
thing it's got a lot of strength it's
real strong they've got this like soft
fabric mesh that I'm actually really
into we've been seeing uh more mesh side
panels come into Vogue they've been on
sff for quite a while but uh especially
with the fractal North how that can come
with a mesh side panel I'm really I'm
really digging it I'm really a big fan
tempered glass is out and look at how
easily you just you just pop that off
it's you know it's no problem it also
comes with a handy dandy little
headphone hanger that you just kind of
pop in there put some headphones there
real great it can fit Mex and it's you
know a lot bigger it's going to go much
deeper in your desk and you're going to
keep it vertical it's going to fit but
honestly can it stay cool it has a lot
of ventilation like this this is all
vents vents at the top with what two two
fans yep two fans blowing out the top
kind of like the old design that went
top to or bottom to top and then we've
got more vents out the back so and then
what's on the bottom more Vents and
rubber feet in terms of just form factor
and looks with the fancy new wood panels
as well I kind of like it before I crack
it open and take a look inside let's
talk about the I/O we've got a couple of
USB ports on the front with a USBC and
head phone jack and then on the bottom
there's nothing but then on the back 4
usba all nicely labeled as 2.0 thank you
very much display port HDMI and then a
USBC and then a 3.2 a couple more 3.2 2
1/2 gig Lan and then what looks like a
wireless antenna dongle um audio on the
bottom and spiff I'm not sure how to
open this we're going to start by taking
off these cool fabric side panels and
then take a look at all of these screws
I'm just going to start removing screws
that's uh that's usually your best bet
once you got these four screws off you
just pop it open look at this super easy
to get to all these internals oh what
side's this side the back actually
pretty nice Cable Management though
there's not a ton of room to work in
cases like this and uh with a 4090
there's a lot of power going there and
with all the fans they've got something
like four or five fans in this thing
they've actually done a pretty good job
with cable management nothing's like
sticking out uh you still got room for
another 2 and A2 in SSD if you want to
put one in and they've got included SATA
cables so it should be as easy as
screwing it in and hooking it up so
that's really nice uh but what we really
want to see
is this side look at this we've got one
two three fans okay we're going to take
out four more screws to get this top off
one kind of annoying thing and a good
reason to have an LTT store screwdriver
is unlike the initial four screws for
the side panels these are not a standard
phillips bit it's really not the end of
the world a lot of people have these but
uh I would have loved to see the exact
same screw head on every single screw uh
once they're all off though you just pop
that cover off we get access to our two
fans so they've got the GPU Radiator on
the 240 mil way up here with two exhaust
fans and then we've got our CPU radiator
ah on 120 down here now 120 mm for a
14900 K it's not enough if you're going
to try to sit there and run cinam bench
or prime 95 you're going to hit 100 C
that's not really what I'd recommend the
Corsair one for this is for a small form
factor high-end gaming rig now when we
get to gaming and temps and all that you
will see that 120 mm it's sufficient
you're not going to get you know 60
degrees C when you're gaming but it's
honestly not bad more on that later once
you take out these other two little tiny
philli screws here and here you can open
this up isn't that cute I actually
really really like this design um all of
a sudden you know you're going to get a
lot more access to your CPU if you
actually want to take this off and take
that out and swap it out um otherwise we
just got some dual Channel ddr5 memory
here pretty sure it's 6,000 megat
transfer per second which is pretty
decent it's nothing you know it could be
faster these days but it's definitely
not bad if you want to get get at the
GPU you're going to have to take this
fan and shroud off okay just pull it
down and then you can see this crazy
water block just on the die I've never
seen a water blocked 490 like this um
but our temps were okay so whatever
they're doing it seems fine I didn't
look at vram temps but uh should be all
right and as you can see yep it's got
these two hoses going all the way up to
this 240 mil rat at the top let's close
this all back up power it on and take a
look but not before word from our
sponsor thanks secret lab for sponsoring
today's video are your gaming sessions
leaving you in pain do you have to stand
up and stretch after every email secret
lab is there for you your back and your
butt their ergonomic highquality chairs
are designed to provide maximum Comfort
all day long they even come in a variety
of eye-catching upholsteries so there's
a style for everyone check out secret
lab at the link below it has to be
turned on for this feature to work but
you're plugging things in you can't see
where the ports are what cable you're
holding holding you just kind of like
put your hand down here a little bit and
it pops a light up for you don't get me
wrong we got a bunch of Studio lighting
it's easy to see but when this thing is
like behind your desk your lights are
off you got to do a certain cable that's
really handy and I kind of wish there
was a light on basically every case I
own now by the io and then on the front
we've got these two diffused RGB strips
I wish they were a little bigger or I
wish the metal didn't quite overhang as
much as it does but in the dark it's
actually quite visible the really cool
thing is it's got all the different
color presets on this bar so you don't
like the color you just swipe your
finger down change it to something else
and then you just stop it once you're on
something you like and then on the
bottom if you press and hold I believe
it is it'll cycle through different
modes pretty neat they do have software
in here so you can control it all from
uh your desktop but I mean you know I
don't know I kind of like this it's a
really minor thing but I love it I love
tactile features let's see how it
performs though with a 14900 k and a
4090 we've got cyberpunk running in the
back background and it's just the main
menu but we're hitting like 80c 75c
that's fine cuz it's you know we're
gaming we're just setting up OBS and
checking our screen recording for uh 4K
cyberpunk and uh we took a look at the
temperatures it has definitely increased
a little bit over time here we're
hitting our Max of 98c or even 100 C on
our core Max for our CPU like I said
before Corsair I know that for gaming
it's fine the performance is actually
going to be good it's just running hot
not but please I don't like seeing it go
red just put try to fit another 240 in
here you made the case so much bigger
stick a second 240 it would help so much
at least I think I like to think it
would anyway in terms of gameplay
performance 4K Ultra rate tracing on we
were getting like 40 FPS you turn dlss
on set it to Quality which still looks
good has some artifact issues here and
there but you know if you're not too
sensitive to that it's fine but look
very playable 80 FPS with like 70 on our
1% lows high 60s mid 60s totally fine
and really R tracing is it worth it not
usually it looks really good but man the
performance tanks so just turn that off
too and you're good to go the reality is
we're getting about what you'd expect
from a 14900 k and a 4090 the really
good news is though unlike our CPU our
GPU on that 240 rad is actually doing
pretty good our hot spot only 70 Max I
mean it's already down to like 40 cuz
you can hear the fans they're cranked
they're really trying to keep it cool
but uh it's a 4090 and it's staying well
within spec so you know put some
speakers on put some headphones on keep
them on the headphone hook just ignore
the fans to test out thermals Labs
tested F1 4k retracing on the CPU side
we got a Max of 81 with an average of
59 but on our GPU it didn't even crack
70 reaching a Max of 69 nice nice and an
average of 67 it's pretty good
considering it's a small form factor
those GPU temperatures are also pretty
impressive we compared it to an
Alienware R15 with a 490 in it and it
got a little worse than that that thing
crept up as high as 82 Max on the GPU
and then it only averaged at 80 C
moving on to combuster that Gap Narrows
just a little bit on the alien wear we
see a Max of 75 with an average of 72
while our Corsair 1 sticks at 70 C with
a average of 67 over overall pretty
impressive last but not least in our
cinam Bene test the two different
systems we tested do have slightly
different CPUs we've got a 13900 KF in
the Alienware but they're both going to
Thermal throttle reaching upwards of
100 C on the coair max of 98 on the
Alienware however the Alienware does
keep a much lower average of 79 C these
I9 are really hard to cool doesn't
matter what you put on them nhd15 420
mil rad like it just it doesn't matter
unless you go full custom Loop they're
going to run hot however that
significantly lower temperature on the
Alienware is largely because it's
thermal throttling itself and as soon as
it gets up there it just comes right
back down to keep itself in Spec because
it's able to maintain those clock speeds
and it does boost a little higher on the
i 94900 k our 1080p results they're
pretty good they actually beat out the
alien wear quite substantially in a
couple of our tests however when we get
to 1440p and 4K uh the Gap kind of
Narrows a little bit bit you can really
tell that they're using the same GPU and
that 490s don't thermal throttle that
easily because of all the cooling
attached to them even though this one's
on a 240 mil rad and not the stock
cooler we're seeing results that are
almost neck and neck pretty much the
exact same across the board as soon as
you're upping your resolution and going
to a more GPU bound kind of
scenario I do expect most of you to get
this as a gaming PC but in terms of
productivity it's pretty good here's
some Labs results so you can see for
yourself overall
not a bad system at all as for price now
we're talking about the Alienware R15
when we compare it to this new Corsair 1
and the R15 is the old model the 16 goes
for surprisingly about
$4,000 the Corsair 1 with basically the
same specs although some very minor
differences we'll get to is
$4,700 the Alienware is also on sale
right now knocking the price down even
further if you go for the corser one
there are advantages I mean one it's
small form factor you're going to pay
the sfff tax on top of that it does have
slightly faster memory and while it's
only about a $40 difference if you're
just buying the CPU separately this one
does have integrated Graphics so if you
ever have to stop and troubleshoot
you're all set almost $5,000 can seem
like quite a bit of money but don't
forget that the graphics card in here
alone is almost two grand and the fact
that you're getting a pretty slick case
a lot of cooling there was quite a few
fans in here performance was good XMP
came enabled out of the box if you're
looking at high-end Boutique pre-builts
then you're kind of splitting hairs when
it comes to a few more100 anyway I think
it looks really good and at the end of
the day it kind of just comes down to
taste do you like the way this looks and
performs better than the competition I
mean I do I don't know if I'd buy it but
it's pretty sweet thanks for watching
short circuit if you want to take a look
at another pre-built that you could
consider buying from a pretty reputable
brand check out the main gear
mg1 great computer we still use
it see you later